(Episode 10)
Why didn't you go home yet?
You know that I started working here because of you, right?
Yes, I know.
I have a family to support.
I can't work here if I can't earn the minimum cost of living.
My restaurant isn't going to go bankrupt.
You must have a lot of free time to worry about useless things.
I'm going to bombard you with work.
Yes, Chef.
Everyone else left, right?
Hey, are you practicing with the restaurant's ingredients?
You know that we're not doing well.
I bought the ingredients.
Go home. Mind your own business.
Give me that. I'll teach you.
Watch and learn.
Cut that nonsense, and just go.
Do you think you're all that just because you're good with knives?
You're too dumb to become a fine dining chef.
Forget it. I was just offering to help.
All you did is graduate from CIA.
You don't even know the basics of cooking. How will you...
- ever become a fine dining chef? - Hey!
Whatever you mess up, use it for when you make the carrot butter.
Yes, Chef.
Clean up before you go home.
Yes, Chef. By the way,
you know the Michelin Guide is going to be announced in November, right?
I decided to work for you for one reason.
I was confident that your restaurant will receive a Michelin star.
And what if I don't?
I'm going to quit without having any regrets.
You must be very competitive.
Okay, then. I'll put trust in your confidence as well.
Are you cold?
My body temperature keeps fluctuating.
I'm hot one second, and I'm cold the other.
Menopause isn't fun at all.
Should we call Hyun Soo and ask her for the passcode?
No.
She may be our daughter, but we still need to respect her privacy.
We raised her that way. We told her to be independent.
So we can't be the ones to break that.
But you're cold right now.
It's okay.
You're standing by my side.
And my body will recover once my menopause goes away.
We're also going to retire and go on a cruise.
Let's hang in there for a better tomorrow.
Whenever I think about...
going on a cruise with you after retirement,
I become so happy.
Honey, Hyun Soo's here.
It's Hyun Soo.
You don't need to come.
We'll ruin the mood if we go.
What mood?
Good night.
You should go first.
That's it?
I thought he'd go in with her.
How lame.
My goodness, Ms. Park Min Ah.
Let's go.
- Surprise! - Surprise!
Mom. Dad.
We saw the article.
We came after hearing that you decided to sleep at home tonight.
Hyun Soo, what about me?
You should join us, Dad.
Wait, I can't reach my hands.
- Watch out! - Oh no!
We're going to fall down.
- Be careful. - Let's be careful.
- Okay. - Good.
I have a family to support.
I can't work here if I can't earn the minimum cost of living.
I'm going to quit without having any regrets.
The restaurant will close before I leave anyways.
(Jung Woo)
(On Jung Sun Accept Decline)
Yes.
I need to talk to you. Can you come here tomorrow morning?
I'll go there right now.
If you want to talk, I'll go to you whenever, wherever you are.
Come on, Jung Woo.
I said it for old time's sake.
I want beer.
You have to drive.
I just said I want it, not that I'd drink it.
It's been eight months since we opened the restaurant.
We've been in deficit all this time.
We only have four months left until the investment period ends.
I'll have to decide four months later...
whether or not to have Chef On Jung Sun...
continue to manage Good Soup.
I decided that if I want to protect the Good Soup family,
I'll have to do things I don't want to do.
You're going on that show?
You're smart. You caught it right away.
This is why I like you. You're realistic.
I told you to shower.
I will once you two leave.
We're not leaving tonight.
Our daughter's in trouble. We have to stay with you.
Of course. This is what family is for.
Let's not talk about work.
You'll take care of it on your own. We don't know much about it.
Who's the man who dropped you off?
He's tall and handsome.
He's the head of our production company.
He's the head of your production company?
He seemed young.
Gosh. He's a gifted fellow.
Is he married?
No.
He was never married?
No, he hasn't been married.
What about his parents?
What do they do?
Do they get along?
Both his parents passed away.
I don't know how they were before then.
Hyun Soo, you're so honest.
You're answering all her questions.
If the situation was bad enough for someone like you to make a fuss,
how horrible was that director to you?
I said we shouldn't talk about it.
Work is the biggest issue in her life right now.
How can we just ignore it?
She needs some place to let it out.
Hyun Soo.
That is what parents are for.
She's crying now.
I didn't want to talk about it as I didn't want to see her cry.
You should cry when you're with us.
You can't cry in front of the director.
Go ahead and cry.
Cry as much as you want.
This is my loving family.
The catch here...
was although I was crying because of work, all I could think about...
was one man.
Wait.
Jung Sun.
Hey, On Jung Sun!
On Jung Sun!
Why are you screaming my name?
So that you'd hear me.
I heard you. Why are you here?
We still have to talk.
Our conversation was cut short yesterday.
You're going to work already?
No. I live here.
Why are you following me? I told you to wait outside.
It's boring being on my own.
So this is what it looks like.
Your curiosity hasn't gone anywhere.
"You have a big shot boyfriend,"
"and your dream of becoming a writer came true."
"Why did you regret it, and why were you hurt?"
What did you mean by that?
There's no hidden meaning.
It's just as I said.
No, no.
I have a big-shot boyfriend?
How would you know when even I don't know who that is.
I heard about it.
From who?
Who would so generously pass on that lie?
I didn't know you were so hasty.
You should have asked me. Why did you believe what someone else said?
How would I ask you when you didn't pick up my calls?
When did I not pick up your calls?
I mean...
I had something going on then.
Everyone has something going on, but they still pick up.
Because trust is more important.
Why?
Aren't you going to leave?
Isn't it cold?
Don't be nice. It makes me feel good.
You're still so odd just like old days.
Is it true that we might not be able to leave because the door is closed?
That's how it always is in TV shows.
You seem so disappointed.
You want to be locked in here?
I don't have a big-shot boyfriend.
You said that earlier.
- So you get it? - Yes.
Do you have a girlfriend?
No.
Why not?
Do I need a reason?
Were you mad because I didn't pick up the phone?
I've never been mad at you, not even once.
I don't get mad.
Can we go out now?
We can.
Aren't you coming out?
The temperature goes up if I keep the fridge door open.
The ingredients will go bad.
This is nice.
You're the same.
You still care about the view from your house more than anything else.
Why did you come to this neighborhood?
You're finally interested in me.
The show that's airing right now doesn't seem to be doing well.
You mean do I have the leisure to be here?
I wouldn't have if it were like before.
But my values have changed.
I thought...
everything would change once I reach my dreams.
I thought a whole new world would open in front of me.
But...
even after my dream came true,
my life is exactly the same as before.
I regretted it.
I was hurt.
I gave up so much for my dream.
I live in this neighborhood too.
My office is in Yeouido.
I came hoping to run into you.
I wanted to apologize.
I thought about it,
and it's not an easy thing to confess to someone.
Don't let it bother you. It's all in the past.
I told you I understood back then, and I understand you now.
I became the owner chef I wanted to become.
Good Soup is the only thing on my mind these days.
Don't be sorry about the past. The present is more important.
Let's just be faithful to our own lives.
Our own lives?
Do you think I came here to talk about that?
I told you that I regretted it. I told you I was hurt.
What do you think I meant by that?
I told you I understood you then and that I still do.
I told you I only think about Good Soup.
What do you think I meant by that?
Are you rejecting me?
Lee Hyun Soo, you never disappoint me.
You're so straightforward. It caught me by surprise.
You would never let me win.
Why should I?
I'll reject.
What?
You didn't think I would reject you, right?
Saying that you regretted it won't fix everything.
Can we turn back time?
Do you think I was happy all those years?
- You're holding a grudge. - You're too late.
"It's not an easy thing"...
"to confess to someone"?
Did you only realize that now?
Don't expect to find a man that will cater to you.
They only exist in fantasies created by women.
You're right.
I love how fast you are at coming to terms.
I'm a real guy,
so treat me like one.
How does one treat a man like a real guy?
Think about it. You're good at it.
You're smart.
Can you date me in a situation like this?
You said you changed, but people don't change.
You're so full of it.
That's why you should have accepted me...
when I loved you and begged you.
You didn't beg that much.
I'd be a stalker if I went any further.
Do you want a criminal?
Forget it.
Do you want breakfast? You didn't eat yet, right?
What are you doing?
If you're rejecting me, do it right. Don't leave me any room.
Are you sure?
No...
Yes, Kyung.
Hyun Soo, the script for the eighth episode is online.
We never sent it.
They found a new writer.
I'll be right there.
Did something happen?
Yes, a lot happened. Bye.
You'll trip. Be careful.
No, I won't.
You look so cheerful when you hop like that.
I'm cheerful.
You didn't reject me for good.
[VIU Ver] E10 Temperature of Love "What Do You Mean By That?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hyun Soo.
Won Joon?
What are you doing here?
I work here.
I work for Jung Sun.
You wanted to cook,
and now you're doing what you want.
I was lucky.
I'm busy, so I can't talk right now. I'll come back later.
- You have my number, right? - Yes.
Can you text me Jung Sun's number?
Okay.
- Bye. - Bye.
Is Mr. Park in?
Did you make an appointment?
Don't you know me?
Why would you ask? What a bother.
You should learn to be flexible when you work.
You look more beautiful today than usual.
That's a given. Don't waste your time.
I came to tell you about a good exhibition.
Is that so? I like exhibitions.
Professor Min is holding a solo exhibition.
(Min Daniel Solo Exhibition)
I see.
You should come by and purchase his work.
I saw his stuff at the studio before.
You didn't buy any then either.
You're close to Jung Sun like real brothers.
I have a positive image of you.
Okay, then. I don't think I can buy one of his pieces,
but let me know if you need anything.
We don't need anything.
Then I'll pick out something and send it to you.
Don't tell Jung Sun that I came by.
He's too strict.
He thinks it's a sin to receive something from someone.
He'll be mad if he finds out.
Don't worry, I won't tell him.
I'm so glad you're beside Jung Sun.
I'm relieved.
Aren't Daniel's paintings good?
They resemble Vincent van Gogh's.
Soo Young called me saying that she'll become...
the writer for "Unruly Detectives" and apologized.
Park Eun Sung will be proofreading.
(Director Min Yi Bok)
Yes, this is Min Yi Bok.
Director, let's meet.
You should write a script instead.
I saw episode eight's script that you uploaded.
It wasn't what I wrote.
My assistant director uploaded it as a mistake.
How can he upload a script that doesn't exist?
Did you talk to Hong Jin?
He was yelling at me.
Let's talk.
I have nothing to talk about.
I do.
What's this? She just hung up.
She's so rude.
It's for the better.
It's better to acknowledge Soo Young's work...
instead of having her as a shadow writer.
Let's not only focus on your personal gains.
Ms. Park, can't you help me while you're at it?
Okay.
(Hong Jin)
Yes.
Where are you?
I told you to come to the office.
I'm working. I'm editing the script.
The writers can't write well, so I'll write it myself.
Just come. Come here for now.
(Unruly Detectives)
Hello?
Goodness.
What's this? Why would you hang up when I'm talking?
What am I putting myself through for picking the wrong writer?
Director Min.
What about our script do you not like?
Why should Shin Ha Rim ask for a favor here?
No way.
What is it now?
It's Hyun Soo.
Who?
Hyun Soo.
- Oh, my. - What?
She's driving me crazy.
You're right.
Gosh, you're right.
- My heart is racing. - This is crazy.
What kind of situation is this?
I feel like I was caught red-handed.
Have you had an affair before?
Soo Young! Why don't you ever understand anything?
Just open the door.
Okay.
- Goodness. - I can't breathe.
Do something.
I don't know why she's here.
Why did she come?
It's been a while.
Yes. Come in.
I helped you because you begged me,
but you need to get things organized around you.
I have a lot of experience working with writers,
but she's the first to act so unexpectedly.
I can't prepare for it.
How can I prepare myself when she acts so unpredictable?
Hello, Ms. Park.
Yes, hello.
We should see each other for good reasons, but I'm in a pickle.
I came because I have to talk to Director Min.
Before you begin, let me finish.
Director Min.
I was going to help you,
but this isn't working out.
It's uncomfortable for me to see my past pupil.
All right.
Episode eight needs to be fixed anyway.
It wasn't good enough.
What are you saying?
I worked all night because you begged me to help you.
- I worked so... - Thank you, Ms. Park.
Oh, my.
Let's go out. We'll talk outside.
What is this? Is this it?
I'll buy you drinks later!
Do you think I'm dying to have drinks?
Gosh.
Director Min!
Goodness.
I'll see you another time when you're feeling normal.
Ms. Park.
Do you remember when you told me...
you've never seen someone so evil in your 10 years of writing?
People say anything when they're upset.
It's in the past. You're a writer now.
You also said this.
You'll become a writer.
It's the evil ones that succeed in this industry.
Were you holding grudges?
I was really upset then...
because I was actually innocent.
I really worked hard.
I sincerely wanted you to do well.
It was shocking to hear that from someone I respected.
However, I think you have a knack for seeing things in people.
It's true, I'm evil.
I hope we never see each other.
Starting today, I'll be talking bad about you.
No way.
Ms. Park.
I didn't know beef tendon could be so good.
It's because of the chocolate.
This is amazing.
How did they think of using beef tendon in a dessert?
Have you seen the chef?
He's so handsome.
I know, right?
Let's come back.
Okay.
- Let's upload it on Instagram. - Okay.
Doesn't it look good?
- Yes. - It's too pretty to eat.
It's so cute.
(Please give us the next menu.)
(It was delicious.)
How cute.
They must have enjoyed our food.
You're so childish.
What is?
You're complimenting yourself.
Why are you so cranky?
Hey, don't take them.
- Why not? - I need to take pictures.
All right. Hurry up, then.
Don't you know what romantic means?
Did they finish it?
They cleared the desserts too.
- That's right. - Awesome.
Are you that happy?
Of course.
Anybody have plans after work?
If you're free, let's go run. It'll be a team workshop.
Do you have something to talk about?
Yes. I decided to agree on a television appearance.
- No way. - You all have to focus.
There will be days when I'm away.
The sous-chef and you guys will have to fill for me.
Can you do it?
- Yes, we can! - Yes, we can!
Ready...
Go!
All you do is talk.
You're so unfit.
All you can do is run.
Are you bickering again?
You two can go again.
I'll put 10 dollars on Kyung Soo.
Where did you learn such a thing?
This won't do. We should all go for another round.
The loser will have to do dishes for a week.
Okay. Yes, something like this will make me want to run.
What's wrong with him?
Hurry up.
- Good. - Soup.
I can't hear you. Let's go, Good Soup!
Let's go!
- Ready, go! - Gosh.
Are you saying you'll shoot this? Are you crazy?
No, not with this script.
Then what are you going to do?
You don't like Ms. Lee's writing,
and you don't like the writing done by someone else.
There aren't enough writers around.
I should just write it myself.
I would write better than this even with my foot.
Are you going to quit the company after this?
Or are you being difficult to make yourself be worth more?
Come on.
Just find an agreement with Ms. Lee.
She has everything written already,
and it's consistent.
You should try to work off from that.
If you keep this up, you'll mess up the schedule.
She won't listen to me.
I've never seen a good writer that listens well.
What about Shin Ha Rim?
He acts like a director on set.
It's driving me crazy.
I know it's hard for you,
but you're making it more difficult for yourself.
Also, Ms. Lee isn't like others.
You know how she's like.
I know.
I thought she'd be nice since she's so frail and smiles a lot.
I didn't know she'd make a scene.
Please stop making it hard for me, and try to work together.
I'm going to die early because of you.
The higher-ups are pressuring me because of the ratings,
and say that we need to get more advertisements.
What a mess. We have an early shoot tomorrow.
Are you not finished yet?
No, we're done.
You two should talk. I'm done.
I have something to tell you.
I think it's best that Director Min is here too.
You would feel offended if you hear about yourself somewhere else.
What is it now?
You told me...
that I would be a good match with Director Min...
and that I should work with him.
Yes.
Please find me a new director.
What do you think you're doing?
At least I don't backstab someone like you.
(Temperature of Love)
Let's get one more writer.
Do you know anyone you're close with?
I was selected for a series at HNC.
Have you heard of "The Menu of My Life"?
It's a show from SBC.
It'd be a huge opportunity if they chose your dish.
I don't like Hyun Soo.
I want to go up even if it means crushing my friend.
I was hoping you'd notice my ambition.
They're a little strange.
Are they checking each other out?
What do you plan on doing?
Buy me something delicious later.
I'm sorry, don't wait for me.
- What does he do? - I'm sorry.
Who are you seeing?
I lost you once,
so it won't be easy to start this time.
(Tomorrow night at 10pm...)